---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Final Overview
description: Explanation of our CPT project, roles, etc.
---

## Project Overview: Enhancing Teen Mental Health
Our team planned to address the issue of mental health among high schoolers. Recognizing the needs and preferences of this age group, we designed and developed a comprehensive webpage/project aimed at promoting well-being and supporting the mental health of teenagers.

## Target Audience: High Schoolers
Understanding that high schoolers have distinct preferences in aesthetics, values, and communication styles, we designed our project to resonate with this demographic. With our familiarity with their experiences and challenges since we ourselves are high schoolers, we aimed to create a platform that would not only catch their attention but also provide assistance in navigating through their mental health struggles.

## Features:

1. **Daily Journal:**
   Method to improve mental health through self-expression. This journal generates a new prompt each day that makes the user really think about the prompt and their feelings. Designed to inspire introspection, this feature encourages users to explore and articulate their feelings in a structured and creative manner.

2. **Mood Tracker:**
   The mood tracker is for the user's self-reflection. It allows high schoolers to monitor and understand their emotional well-being over time. They can reflect on monthly patterns and variations in their mood and can consider why they might have been feeling that way.

3. **Whiteboard with Drawing Prompts:**
   Another form of self-expression. The high school users can release their creativity and feelings through drawings based on randomly generated prompts. This feature provides a visual outlet for expression, offering a unique and engaging way for users to convey their emotions and thoughts.

4. **Daily Agenda/To-Do List:**
   For students to stay organized and focused with a personalized daily agenda and to-do list. They get to add their own activities for morning, noon, and night based on their own personal lives. It can help promote a sense of accomplishment and control over daily responsibilities.

5. **Quote Reflection:**
   Students can find a quote they like online and reflect on what it says. They can express their opinions, whether they agree or disagree with the quote, etc. This feature is similar to the daily journal, but users have a choice in "prompt".

In summary, our webpage/project is a dedicated space for high schoolers to address and improve mental health. By combining tracking features and supportive resources, we aspire to make a positive impact on the well-being of teenagers during this critical phase of their lives.